https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/packages/i686/core/ Arch
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/packages/i686/extra/ Arch
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/packages/i686/community/ Arch
https://parabolagnulinux.org/feeds/packages/i686/libre/ Arch
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/packages/i686/testing/ Arch
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ Arch
https://bitbucket.org/portix/dwb/rss dwb
http://code.google.com/feeds/p/vimperator-labs/hgchanges/basic Vimperator
http://allanmcrae.com/feed/ Arch
http://jasonwryan.com/atom.xml Arch
http://blog.notfoss.com/rss.xml Arch
http://pebkac.co/index.php/feed/ Arch
http://snott.net/feed/ Arch
http://chneukirchen.org/blog/index.atom Arch
http://www.archlinuxuser.com/feeds/posts/default Arch
http://linuxtidbits.wordpress.com/feed/ Arch
http://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux/.rss Arch
https://www.kernel.org/feeds/kdist.xml Linux
http://ck-hack.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Linux
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/Command-line-fu Linux
http://www.reddit.com/r/linux/.rss Linux
http://www.reddit.com/r/linuxactionshow/.rss Linux
http://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/.rss Linux
http://www.reddit.com/r/dmenu/.rss Linux
http://inconsolation.wordpress.com/feed/ Linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/YJLv Linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/LukasZapletal Linux
http://box.matto.nl/index.rss Linux
http://www.insanitybit.com/feed/ Linux
http://dailyvim.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Vim
http://jessture.com/feed/ Geek
http://www.firefoxfacts.com/feed/ Firefox
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GoogleOnlineSecurityBlog Sec
